### //
Double forward slash - used for comments

### <<
Output operator

### executable
The created file resulted from the linker combining the object files generated from a program by the compiler.

### function
A named reusable block of code (sequence of instructions/statements) that performs a specific task.

### C++
The best programming language.

### header
A file that contains definitions that we use in our program.

### comment
Text that provides extra information about the written code to humans, ignored by the machine.

### compiler
Translates source code into machine code/object code

### compile-time error
Errors detected by the compiler such as syntax errors.

### cout
Standard library function that outputs a literal to the console.

### IDE
Interactive development environment such as Microsoft Visual Studio that provides tools for programming.

### #include
Directive that is used for including files into other files.

### library
A set of functions created with a purpose that can be reused by others.

### main()
The one function all C++ programs have and is the entry point of them. 

### object code
Compiler generated code, also called machine code.

### output
The result of a program or a function.

### program
A set of instructions for a computer to follow.

### source code
Human readable code

### statement
An instruction of the compiler to follow.

### linker
Linking is the next step after compilation - the liker takes the object code generated by the compiler and combines it into an executable.